Add multiple resources to Snaps resources page (#1709)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: snaps/learn/resources.md

## Primary resources

- [Snaps homepage](https://metamask.io/snaps/)

> - [Snaps directory](https://snaps.metamask.io/) - A directory of allowlisted 

Author: I noticed some lines had hard line breaks and decided to make the whole file consistent. Will wait for @alexandratran to let me know if it is preferable to have them or remove them. I am fine to revert all the line breaks instead.

> - [Snaps directory](https://snaps.metamask.io/) - A directory of allowlisted 

Reviewer: We typically write with a [100 column limit](https://docs-template.consensys.io/contribute/format-markdown#column-limit) for readability, but haven't been enforcing this for other contributors, resulting in some inconsistencies. I think the new linter will raise warnings for lines longer than 200 columns.

- [Simple Keyring Snap](https://github.com/MetaMask/snap-simple-keyring) - An 
  example account management Snap using the [Keyring API](../reference/keyring-api/index.md).
- [Mystery Fox](https://github.com/Montoya/mystery-fox) - Provides random answers to 
  questions and showcases interactive UI and images.
- [Farcaster Insights](https://github.com/Montoya/farcaster-insights) - Shows if 
  the recipient in a transaction request has a Farcaster account and their stats.
- [Smart Account Template](https://github.com/bcnmy/smart-account-keyring-template) - 
  Template for integrating the Biconomy Smart Account with the 
  [Keyring API](../reference/keyring-api/index.md).
- [Text Transformer](https://github.com/Montoya/transformer-snap) - Transforms 
  strings into unicode bold, italic, and strikethrough characters for use on social 
  media. Demonstrates [interactive JSX UI](../features/custom-ui/index.md) in a home page.
- [Social Names](https://github.com/Montoya/social-names-snap) - Adds Farcaster and 
  Lens handles to the send flow and petnames using 
  [custom name resolution](../features/custom-name-resolution.md).

## Developer tools

> - [Template Snap](https://github.com/MetaMask/template-snap-monorepo) - A rich template that

Reviewer 2: Can we add `snaps-jest`?

Author: Will do.

- [Smart Account Template](https://github.com/bcnmy/smart-account-keyring-template) - 
  Template for integrating the Biconomy Smart Account with the 
  [Keyring API](../reference/keyring-api/index.md).
- [Text Transformer](https://github.com/Montoya/transformer-snap) - Transforms 
  strings into unicode bold, italic, and strikethrough characters for use on social 
  media. Demonstrates [interactive JSX UI](../features/custom-ui/index.md) in a home page.
- [Social Names](https://github.com/Montoya/social-names-snap) - Adds Farcaster and 
  Lens handles to the send flow and petnames using 
  [custom name resolution](../features/custom-name-resolution.md).

## Developer tools

- [Template Snap](https://github.com/MetaMask/template-snap-monorepo) - A rich template that
  includes TypeScript/React and vanilla JavaScript options, a CLI for building, packaging, and
  deploying your Snap, and a companion dapp UI you can build on.
- [Test Snaps](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps/tree/main/packages/test-snaps) - A collection of
  test Snaps and [a dapp for evaluating them](https://metamask.github.io/snaps/test-snaps/latest/).

> - [snaps-jest](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@metamask/snaps-jest) - A Jest preset for end-to-end 
>   testing MetaMask Snaps, including a Jest environment, and a set of Jest matchers. 
>   [How to use snaps-jest](../how-to/test-a-snap.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`snaps-jest`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@metamask/snaps-jest) - A Jest preset for end-to-end 
  testing MetaMask Snaps, including a Jest environment, and a set of Jest matchers.
  See [how to test a Snap](../how-to/test-a-snap.md) using `snaps-jest`.
```
